with the reduction of ppi
many people took advantage to buy a zero car but that should be cause for
tranquility ended up bringing a headache in the municipal procon in the year
There were 1 260 consumer complaints in this sector.
represents an almost
200%
in relation to 2008
the pleasure of driving a new car
nape and felt for a short time according to him in four months with a zero vehicle
kilometer had braking problems hanging on the door panel on the
Back seat I asked if there was the bet read to change the vehicle they
they said no
that it was easier to spend a million with my car to solve the
problems
Why give me a new car?
the realtor says that more technical assistance is already scheduled
he will return to the dealership for the eighth time because of defects
works a lot to buy a new car
and the new car gives more trouble than a car
old
the used car from 2008 to 2009 were stamped on me and the nearly 340 thousand
new vehicles according to deborah
ie the fleet increased by 12%
in this period the number of complaints in the procon of persons
dissatisfied with the car rose almost 200%
among the main complaints that are mechanical and electrical defects
the supplier has works of art
within 30 days to remedy these defects
if he does not come out more respect
the action takes place in the municipality
intellectuals
I asked for the suspension of the sale
proportional reduction of the price when it is not
the mayor did not substantially harm did not hurt the use
increase the refund of the monetarily paid amount monetarily says that
saw the dream of buying a car zero turned problem if it started through the door
the driver from the moment he left the store
closed the slit in position
because she has held the most important position in this
they did a very poorly done job they ruined the car's showcase
the car painting
and bet even now the high of this one because to kill the beautiful
the case is in justice the car 0 generic version of the derby the problems
two-wheel maintenance writers
angry
We help with proposal, it's quiet, actually.
for this problem
the national association of motor vehicle manufacturers has informed
that the provision of this information is the responsibility of the
dealerships
the interim coordinator in procon stressed that it is necessary for the
owner
the vehicle payment vouchers
and service orders to bring to justice if further action is required
Information in rainy weather is telephony
25 min